# Features

Steps to use corn maze feature:

## Playing the game:

When you are near other players outside of the maze, you will see a button in the top right corner
of their video with the text ‘invite player’. Clicking it will prompt an invite to that player The
opponent player will receive the game invite, and has 20 seconds to accept or reject Once accepted,
both players will be teleported to the beginning of the maze, and the instructions will open above
the game window After reading the instructions, hit OK to close the instructions window. The timer
will start and the game will begin Complete the maze by navigating to the finish line (marked by a
single red flower) with the arrow keys (just like in the regular map) Once you reach the end, you
will be teleported out and you and your partner will be notified of your score (final time taken to
complete the maze) If you choose to give up before finishing the maze, use the ‘Q’ key to exit the
game. Your score will not be calculated in this case Optionally, you may also disconnect while in
the maze. This will also cause your score not to be calculated

## Viewing the leaderboards

To view the leaderboards, go to the blue leaderboard sign object (above the spawn point next to the
building) and press space.

## Disabling invites

There is a switch button next to ‘start video’ (under the videos) which will allow you to disable
race invites from other players If you toggle it off, the 'invite player' button over your video
displayed to other players will be disabled, and they will not be able to invite you If you toggle
it off after you have already received an invite, that invite is still active until you either
respond or wait 20 seconds You may toggle it back on at any time Even if you disable race invites
from other players, you may still choose to invite other players who do allow invites

## User Stories

### User stories from the Project Plan document that are fully covered:

General user Race Inviter Person who is ready to race Race Invitee

### User stories from the Project Plan document that have been tweaked:

Top racer There is no longer an ‘icon’ on the leaderboard to mark the person in first place. Rather,
all scores are marked with placement (1-20), so others will still know who is in first Instead of
only adding an icon on the top racer’s head, each player who has completed the maze now gets a small
corn icon next to their name. We believe that this would make more sense from a usability standpoint
given that the top racer’s status would no longer persist after they disconnect.
